Populate Flush section (#57)
openconfig/gribi: doc/specification.md

* Relationship to `openconfig-aft` telemetry
* If the specified network instances have no installed gRIBI objects, return an empty list instead of an error.

## 4.3 `Flush`

The `Flush` RPC is an unary RPC for clients to remove gRIBI entries from a device. A client sends a `FlushRequest` message specifying the target network instance where the device should remove all gRIBI entries. The device processes the request and responds a `FlushResponse` message indicating the execution result.

> The `Flush` RPC can be used in some emergecy process to get the device out of bad traffic state, therefore:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Flush` RPC can be used in some emergency process to get the device out of undesirable routing state, therefore:
```
